Event 1 :
Case studies

description:
Presenting the solutions to the real world problems
Case studies capture a range of perspectives.

Details:
CEF will provide real time problems for which participants can come up with solutions in the form of case studies. This aims to bring out the best from students, as the real time problems will make them think to the core and provide well-researched solutions which will prove beneficial for the industry as well as their careers.

This event consists of 3 case studies from different disciples of Civil engineering.


Event 2 :
Designing of section

description:
Visualize and design the elevation of the given plan, describing it the best

Details:
As an engineer, designing is a very important aspect which involves visualizing a product before it is made. This event tests the creativity and spontaneity of participants within the limited time. It will help participants to improve individual visualisation skills which will prove to be a huge asset for industrial works.

Model plan is provided for which participants need to design the required things (Specified along with question). Designing of sections will be done using AutoCAD. Participants will be given access to the AutoCAD software.


Event 3 :
Research Presentation (UG/PG)

description:
Presenting the exciting developements in civil engineering

Details:
Research and discovery are celebration of science. It involves diving into the very roots of our subject in an attempt to understand and find solutions. Presenting research in front of other eminent panellists will provide the candidate with a better exposure as the panellists will be able to direct the project towards a brighter direction.

Participants need to present their research work and submit a detailed report


Event 4 :
Start-up Ideas

description:Presenting the ideas that could revolutionize the world

Details: 
An entrepreneur converts seed idea into a world-renowned business just because he/she has the courage to believe in his/her dream. The event provides a chance for you to think and show what change your dream can bring in the lives of people. Here is to support your own million-dollar idea!

Participants are supposed to present their idea to panel and get valuable feedback